Chen Yuning, right?
We're ready for surgery.
Come on in.
kneel
Doctor, we won't do this surgery.
I will pay for all expenses
You and I go
Hey
Did I ever tell you that?
No children are allowed without my permission
Since you don't want this child
What to do with it is my freedom.
Your freedom what do you say
This is my baby.
But you don't answer the phone and don't reply to the message.
Isn't that what it means?
Something happened to my company recently.
I went abroad to deal with it, and the company didn't take care of it.
Then why didn't you say it earlier?
I don't have the habit of reporting to others.
So what were you thinking?
Who asked you to take the child?
Born
Where is this?
Your new home
You lived here until the baby was born
Let's forget it.
I want to go home.